this is the story of stanley ipkiss
Stanley you are the nicest guy really
you are yeah his job is at the bank
you're 40 minutes late that's the same
as stealing
I'm sorry mr. Dickey it'll never happen
again he loves his dog come on give him
drop it
he's polite to his landlord kiss do you
have any idea what time it is
you know mrs. payment and the most
exciting thing in his life are his
pajamas but now you what are you doing
down there
I'm just looking for my mask all that is
about to change because Stanley if kiss
is not the man he used to be okay
it's like it brings your innermost
desires to life you become some sweet
love crazy wild man I want him here
tomorrow a lot and you have to ask
yourself one question do I feel lucky
what do you punks Jim Carrey is that's
the guy the mask ooh somebody stop me